{
    "title": "AB 1200 Demo",
    "description": "Have you thought of keeping cold drinks nearby to enjoy whenever you want?\nThe AB-1200 Beverage Cooler from Newair is the solution.\n\nThis beverage refrigerator has received a lot of good reviews, people really like how well it works, and how convenient it is to keep their drinks right nearby. It can hold up to 126 cans, and the 5 removable racks can be repositioned to accommodate larger things like bottles, or if you want to chill your craft brews to perfection. It makes a great beer cooler.\n\nThis beverage center is really quiet, one reviewer said you don\u2019t even know it\u2019s on. It\u2019s free-standing, so it can go almost anywhere; you can set it up in the game room, or your bar if you want. \n\nThere are 7 individual thermostat settings, so you can really keep your drinks at the temperature you like. This Beer cooler ranges from 34 to 64 degrees; making it possible to get your beverages pretty cold. It\u2019s built to last, made of sturdy metal. It has thick insulation, a double-pane glass door that\u2019s reversible, so you can set it up to open either way.\n\nAnd it has LED lighting that doesn\u2019t effect the temperature; we\u2019ve received reviews that it looks really great at night. This beverage refrigerator makes a great showcase for your collection.\n\nThe video will tell you more about the AB-1200 Beverage Cooler from Newair.",
    "videoid": "85300054",
    "date_created": "1486502042",
    "date_modified": "1486510743",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/ab-1200-demo\/85300054"
}