{
    "title": "Pure-Ion Bedroom\u2122 Air Purifier and Humidifier",
    "description": "Video transcript: Introducing the 2-in-1 Pure-Ion Bedroom Air Purifier and Humidifier, it\u2019s a single unit that both cleans and humidifies the air in your bedroom so you can get a better nights sleep.\n\nHere\u2019s how Pure-Ion Bedroom works. First whisper quiet fans draw air in across collection plates. Negative ionization charges the particles as they pass through the system.\n\nThese charged particles cling to the air filter collection plates and then cleaner air exits the system.\n\nPure-Ion Bedroom helps remove: pollen, pet dander, smoke, dust mites, airborne bacteria and airborne mold. It can also add up to 2 gallons of moisture into dry air in one day or run up to 6 days as a humidifier without refilling. You no longer have to purchase a separate air purifier and humidifier for your bedroom.\n\nThe 2-in-1 Pure-Ion Bedroom, saves space, saves money and is easier to use than having two separate units. It\u2019s the one system that you can leave in your bedroom year round and have clean air throughout the year and turn on the humidifier during the dry months.\n\nWhat\u2019s more the Pure-Ion bedroom you never have to buy filters. The air purification filter washes easily in a dish washer or under running water.\n\nUltra-sonic humidification needs no filter. Pure-Ion is certified for energy star compliance and air cleaning effectiveness. Cleaner air, humidified air for better sleep, the Pure-Ion Bedroom Air Purifier and Humidifier at Brookstone stores and Brookstone.com.",
    "videoid": "78043765",
    "date_created": "1478045202",
    "date_modified": "1478045246",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/pure-ion-bedroom-air-purifier-and-humidifier\/78043765"
}