{
    "title": "Using the Zoku Quick Pop Maker and Character Tool Kit | Williams-Sonoma",
    "description": "You can add life to your quick pop by using the Zoku Character Tool Kit to create fun, playful characters. In this video, Kara, Product Expert for Williams-Sonoma shows us how to add more personality to a zoku using the easy pop maker. \nKara starts by cutting out eye and mouth shapes from a thinly sliced pear for the face of the zoku pop. She then adds these cutouts into a bowl of water and lemon juice to make sure they don't get brown. She tilts the Zoku pop maker and places the shapes on the face plate and slides it into the popsicle maker. Once it's completely inside, she lifts the face plate up and sticks it to the top of one of the slots. She holds it for a few seconds and removes it after the fruits are completely stuck. \n\nTo make the pops, Kara places the Zoku pop maker back into its original position. She then inserts the stick carefully and adds about two thirds of grape juice and one thirds of the tangerine juice. Removing the zoku pop is simple. Just use the super tool to the stick, remove it, flip it back in, unscrew it, add the drip tray and there you have your zoku pop! \n\nUse the Zoku Quick Pop Maker to help you prepare more fun characters that are sure to appeal kids! \n\nTo explore further, visit: http:\/\/www.williams-sonoma.com\/\n\nCheck out the Zoku Character Tool Kit at: http:\/\/www.williams-sonoma.com\/products\/zoku-quick-pop-character-tool-kit\n\nTo see the Zoku Quick Pop Maker featured in this video, visit: http:\/\/www.williams-sonoma.com\/products\/zoku-quick-pop-maker",
    "videoid": "67188430",
    "date_created": "1469670409",
    "date_modified": "1469670409",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/using-the-zoku-quick-pop-maker-and-character-tool-kit-williams-sonoma\/67188430"
}