{
    "title": "NewAir WAT20W Water Dispenser Video Product Review",
    "description": "Explore the features and benefits of the NewAir WAT20W Water Dispenser in this video product review and enjoy better drinking water in your home.\n\nThe NewAir WAT20W Water Dispenser provides fresh, clean water. It has an innovative and stylish design that complements the look of your kitchen or any office space. Inside, the dispenser stores the water in a stainless steel reservoir, which reduces the risk of mold and eliminates the plastic taste common in other water coolers.\nTo make loading easier, the WAT20W is equipped with a built-in bottle spike that punctures the cap on the water bottle as you lower it down onto the top of the cooler, allowing you to keep the bottle completely sealed until it\u2019s safely loaded onto the dispenser. All the water stays in the bottle; none of it gets on you.\n\nThe WAT20W is ENERGY STAR approved. It heats and cools water using less electricity, allowing you to enjoy all the same benefits as an ordinary water cooler at a lower cost. To conserve energy even further, the WAT20W has on\/off switches on its hot and cold water tanks, so you can disable them when you\u2019re not using them.\n\nThe WAT20W is a hot and cold water dispenser. It chills water to 39\u00b0 and heats it to 185\u00b0F, making it a perfect way to make coffee, tea, cocoa, or even soup, if you\u2019re hungry. For guard against accidents, there is a safety lock installed on the hot water faucet.\n\nThe WAT20W has a storage cabinet in the base for cups, towels, and other supplies. It\u2019s also completely BPA-free, to ensure your health and safety. It\u2019s the fastest, easiest, and most convenient way to enjoy great-tasting drinking water, from NewAir - a name you can trust.",
    "videoid": "85396638",
    "date_created": "1487120994",
    "date_modified": "1487120994",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/newair-wat20w-water-dispenser-video-product-review\/85396638"
}