{
    "title": "NewAir CC-300 Thermoelectric Cigar Humidor",
    "description": "Key Features:\n-Comes with Hygrometer & Moisture Container\n-Spanish Cedar Storage\n-Stores up to 400 of your favorite cigars\n-The interior temperature can be adjusted in increments of 1\u00b0 between 54\u00b0F & 74\u00b0F.\n-To properly maintain RH, you need to include a method of adding humidity. For your convenience, a moisture container is included.\n\nThe NewAir CC-300 Thermoelectric Cigar Humidor: \nThe NewAir CC-300 Thermoelectric Cigar Humidor is a large cigar humidor with plenty of desirable features and chic design styling. This cigar humidifier allows you to proudly display your large cigar collection along with keeping it safe and secure for your continued pleasure and enjoyment. This humidor comes with 3 Spanish cedar shelves, 2 Spanish cedar drawers, a moisture container, thermoelectric powered technology, LED lighting, as well as a storage capacity of 400 cigars.\n\nReal Spanish Cedar Storage:\nThe NewAir CC-300 Thermoelectric Cigar Humidor comes fully equipped with very useful humidor accessories allowing you to completely protect your cigar collection from the moment it arrives. This humidor has 2 Spanish cedar drawers built into its interior and these drawers come complete with a built in hygrometer, so you can always keep track of the moisture in the air surrounding your cigars. In an effort to balance this unit's style along with its functional practicality, all of the internal drawers were hand-crafted in the USA, and will close flush with the front door of the humidor. This allows internal air with the humidor to flow and circulate more freely only helping to control the air around your cigars. When you couple this with the Spanish cedar wood drawers and shelves, what you have is a humidor that was designed to always keep your cigars safe. Here are extra some benefits of the Spanish cedar shelves and drawers:\n-Helps maintain humidity\n-Emits a light complementary aroma\nSupports the aging process\n-Promotes good flavor\n-Prevents mold\n-Helps repel damaging insects and tobacco worms\n\nStorage : \nWhether or not you are a casual cigar enthusiast or a seasoned aficionado, the NewAir CC-300 Thermoelectric Cigar Humidor is a perfect match for those individuals looking for a massive storage space coupled with superior operational features. The internal structure of this cigar humidor is large enough to store and preserve 400 cigars but that space is also air tight. What this means is that you can always trust that your cigar collection will always maintain a consistently high level of taste and quality no matter how much conditions change on the outside. This humidor is also thermoelectrically powered meaning that it will operate very quietly, saves more power, and dissipates any form of heat better than any of the other humidors on the market today.\n\nThermoelectric Temperature Ranges \nIn terms of sleek styling and keeping the internal temperature of your cigar collection in check, the NewAir CC-300 Thermoelectric Cigar Humidor is in a class all of its own. This cigar humidor features a stainless steel face, metal body, and a tempered glass door front. These features help keep this humidor compact and small, making it easy to store as well as place on counter tops. This cigar humidor also has a built-in LED light within its interior. This means that you can display your cigar collection day or night. The NewAir CC-300 Thermoelectric Cigar Humidor also has digital temperature read controls as well as settings to increase the internal temperature of the unit by 1 degree at a time. Thus you can be sure that your cigars will always be at the right temperature.\n\nLearn More About Cigar Storage Guidelines\n-The ideal temperature for storing cigars is between 65\u00b0 and 73\u00b0F.\n-The ideal relative humidity (RH) for storing cigars is between 65% and 75% RH. To properly maintain RH in the CC-300 a moisture container is included.\n-To add humidity to the unit using the included moisture container, simply fill the container with distilled water or a damp sponge wet with distilled water and place it back in the unit.",
    "videoid": "80416781",
    "date_created": "1479425618",
    "date_modified": "1479425643",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/newair-cc-300-thermoelectric-cigar-humidor\/80416781"
}