{
    "title": "Children's Red Vintage Play Kitchen for Boys and Girls - Toy Review",
    "description": "This awesome vintage play kitchen will have lil' chefs cooking up food and fun in no time! Watch this fun and educational toy review of our Children's Red Vintage Kitchen for boys and girls. SUBSCRIBE to see more awesome kids toy reviews, unboxing, and play kitchen videos\n\nABOUT KIDKRAFT\n\nKidKraft is a proven leader in the world of children's wooden toys and furniture, with over 40 years of experience. KidKraft specializes in toys that are inventive, interactive and educational. Play kitchens, girls and boys dollhouses, doll furniture and train sets are just some of the many items that KidKraft is known for throughout the world. KidKraft also makes children\u2019s furniture items such as chairs, tables, train tables, vanities, toddler beds, bedding, and outdoor playhouses. In fact, if it goes in your young boy or girl\u2019s bedroom, there\u2019s a good chance KidKraft makes it! Everything KidKraft sells is designed by a team of dedicated engineers who focus on making each product as safe and sturdy as possible. This means that everything from the company\u2019s large outdoor playhouses to its small step stools will last for years and years and can be even passed on from one generation to the next.",
    "channelid": "6410334",
    "videoid": "78173187",
    "date_created": "1478121280",
    "date_modified": "1491508451",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/holidays\/children-s-red-vintage-play-kitchen-for-boys-and-girls-toy-review\/6410334-78173187"
}