{
    "title": "NewAir AWB-360DB Dual Zone Wine & Beverage Cooler",
    "description": "NewAirs AWB-360DB Collector's 18 Bottle Dual Zone Wine Cooler & 60 Can Beverage Combo \nChill wine and cool your favorite beverages to perfection with this NewAir AWB-360DB wine and beverage cooler combo. Anyone who's ever opened a much-anticipated bottle of wine can attest to the effects of improper wine storage. Enjoy your costly collection for all it's worth and invest in the best storage available! The same applies to anyone who likes a chilled beer in the evening, don't worry about cramming your groceries in your refrigerator anymore. With the addition of this combo from the NewAir collection you can have both chilled beer, soda and wine at your fingertips.\n\nBuilt-in or Freestanding \nThis wine and beverage cooler has been designed for both built-in and freestanding applications. Please note for built-in installation that the product dimensions of this unit is L: 23.5 x W: 24 x H: 34.25 . With its size, capacity, design and overall concept it is it perfect for any home bar, game room, kitchen or dining area. The freestanding installation allows for flexible placement so you can install it in any available space. \n\nEasy to Operate \nThe LED display, digital controls, and an easy push button operation makes this NewAir wine and beverage chiller an overall user-friendly choice. With the internal LED light it nicely illuminates the wine cooler, making it easy to browse when choose your wine or beer. Even with the edition of the LED light, it doesn't add any extra heat within the unit. LED lights are loved by many consumers as it helps add a real ambience to any setting. If you love to entertain or have parties then the AWB-360DB from Newair is guaranteed to be a great solution for chilling wine, beers and sodas.\n\nStore Wine & Beverages in the Same Cooler \nDual cooling zones mean that the cabinet's side by side storage areas are specialized and independently operated for chilling different beverages at your desired temperature ranges. Adjust the temperature to chill your wine as desired. The thermostat ranges from 36-72\u00b0 F in both zones and it can be adjusted in increments of 1. Overall this wine and beverage cooler can chill up to 18 bottles of wine and 60 cans.\n\nAdjustable Interior \nWhile metal shelving gently cradles your collection, you can also remove or adjust the shelves to fit larger or any other of type of beverage. The legs are also adjustable, making it more customizable for built-in installation. To ensure that no one can access your richest and most treasured collection, the AWB-360DB is equipped with locking doors. Plus, there's an in-home warranty to guarantee product reliability and performance.\n\n*** This wine & beverage cooler comes with a 1 year in home service & repair warranty, which is backed by NewAir a name you can trust. ***",
    "videoid": "85300050",
    "date_created": "1486502007",
    "date_modified": "1486508295",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/newair-awb-360db-dual-zone-wine-beverage-cooler\/85300050"
}