{
    "title": "NewAir AWR-460DB Dual Zone 46 Bottle Wine Cooler",
    "description": "Key Features\n-Built-in or freestanding cooler for 46 wine bottles\n-Classic stainless steel design with spacious hardwood shelves\n-Digital temperature control and LCD display\n-Dual zone storage keeps white and red wines at perfect temp\n-Indirect cooling system with temperature range of 40-64\u00b0F\n-Receive in-home warranty repairs for added convenience\n\nNewAir AWR-460DB 46 Bottle Wine Cooler\nIf you love wine, then you need to give it the TLC it deserves. That's why we recommend the dual-zone AWR-460DB wine compressor cooler. This wine cooler offers you the size and flexibility your wine collection demands in a convenient design that's all inclusive and ideal for beginning collectors or connoisseurs.\n\nFlexible Design Options\nThanks to a front veting grille, the NewAir AWR-460DB allows for freestanding placement or its buil-in option under the counter design. Install into your cabinetry for a sophisticated built-in finish, or use it as a freestanding unit. The door is also reversible, giving you complete control of where your wine cooler goes.\n\nDual Zone Wine Storage\nEven more, this spacious unit holds up to 46 bottles of wine in two separate compartments - keep one for red, and one just for white wines. Use it as a freestanding unit or build it into existing cabinetry for a refined finishing touch in your bar or kitchen.. Both cooling zones include independent climate control, which mean you can keep white and red wines separate and at their ideal serving temperatures.\n\nElegant Appearance\nThe NewAir AWR-460DB features a beautiful, sleek black cabinet and elegant stainless steel trim that combined makes this wine cooler a favorite design feature in your home. The blue LED light illuminates the interior and highlights your collection beautifully, and the adjustable wooden shelves not only make wine selection easy but also allows you to customize the interior.\n\nEnergy-Efficient Compressor System\nWith a temperature range of 40\u00b0F to 66\u00b0F, the AWR-460DB provides the exact level of cooling you need for your wine, whether it's for long-term storage or if you want it ready to serve. The compressor cooler ensures an even temperature throughout, quiet and virtually vibration free operation. Plus, the compressor has a 10 year life expectancy.\n\nDigital Temperature Advantage\nThe electronic thermostat and digital control panel gives you precise control over the interior temperature, and lets you easily monitor conditions to make sure your wine is stored properly. There's a security lock to ensure safe storage and an ETL certification safe use. A bulit in internal carbon filter helps keep the interior smelling good and free of  pesky odors.\n\nInsulation and more\nThe NewAir 46 bottle wine cooler maintians an ideal temperature for perfect storage of all your best vintages. Dual pane protective glass door and triple layer insulation work together to ensure proper chilling. Security locking door keeps you wine safe and sound, plus, there's an in-home warranty to guarantee product reliability and performance.",
    "videoid": "85300049",
    "date_created": "1486501993",
    "date_modified": "1486507898",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/newair-awr-460db-dual-zone-46-bottle-wine-cooler\/85300049"
}