{
    "title": "Power AirFryer XL Testimonial",
    "description": "Do you love fried food? Lauren does, but couldn\u2019t stand the oily, greasy mess it made. That\u2019s when she found the Power Air Fryer XL. Now, she places her food into the basket & the rest is 1-touch easy. The superheated air does the frying without oil and grease. No more soaking & scrubbing afterwards!\n\nFrying your favorite foods has never been easier with the Power Air Fryer XL. It\u2019s virtually goof-proof. Simply add your food to the Easy Load basket, slide it into the unit, and with the touch of a finger select your cooking setting from one of the 7 preset programs. The digital touch panel display eliminates the guesswork and ensures whatever you're cooking comes out perfectly delicious time after time. \n\nIt does all the thinking for you, and when the timer is done, the automatic shut-off stops the cooking cycle so you never overcook or burn your meal. You\u2019ll love the versatility of this 6 in 1 kitchen wonder. It Air Fries, Bakes, Steams, Sautes, Grills and Roasts. The amazing turbo-cyclonic super heated air powered by 1500 watts reaches up to 400 degrees in a matter of seconds. \n\nChoose from our 5.3 quart or 3.4 quart model. Now you can enjoy fried foods without the guilt with the Power Air Fryer XL.",
    "videoid": "70354298",
    "date_created": "1477347331",
    "date_modified": "1491510511",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/power-airfryer-xl-testimonial\/70354298"
}