{
    "title": "The AH-450B Space Heater Demo \u25baNewAir",
    "description": "Looking for a great way to heat your space this fall and winter?\nIn this we video take a look at the AH-450B space-heater from Newair.\n\nThis is a modern update on a classic heater. It's slim, portable design and wheels makes it really easy to move around. This portable heater is also light weight and can be easily picked up from it's handle. Although this heater is small in size, it\u2019s pretty powerful; you can heat up to 150 square feet, which is good for medium size rooms like a bedroom, den or kitchen. Reviewers say that it can also heat large, open-room areas like a living room\/kitchen combos.\n\nThe AH-450B space heater warms quickly and efficiently. You have the option to set a timer for up to 10 hours. You can set it to go off after you\u2019ve gone to sleep or let it run for a while when you\u2019re not home. The compact design also makes it easy to store away when you are not using it.\n\nConcerned about having a portable heater around kids? The AH-450B has a tip over safety protection switch unit built into it that will turn it off it gets knocked over. There is also an auto-turn off feature to prevent the unit from overheating or getting too hot. The display is easy to see and it comes with a remote control for more convenient temperature adjusting.\n\nWatch the video to learn more about the AH-450B space heater from Newair.",
    "videoid": "85300055",
    "date_created": "1486502050",
    "date_modified": "1486510981",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/the-ah-450b-space-heater-demo-newair\/85300055"
}