{
    "title": "In-Depth Review - NewAir WAT30B Water Dispenser Benefits",
    "description": "Discover the features and benefits of the NewAir WAT30B Water Dispenser. It\u2019s convenient, efficient, and easy-to-use. One of the best ways to stay hydrated.\n\nYou need clean water throughout the day to stay balanced and healthy. The NewAir WAT30B is one of the most trusted sourced for relief when you\u2019re feeling thirsty. Because it\u2019s ENERGY STAR approved, it heats and cools water using less energy than an ordinary water cooler, providing the same benefits at a lower cost. It comes with both hot and cold water features. Cold water is chilled to 39\u00b0F. Hot water is heated up to 185\u00b0F, perfect for tea, coffee, cocoa, or soup, if you\u2019re hungry.\n\nThe WAT30B is made with 100% BPA-free plastic. BPA is a synthetic chemical used to manufacture certain plastics. When it comes into contact with your water supply, it can cause a wide range of health problems, including increasing your risk of heart disease and cancer. The NewAir WAT30B is completely BPA free, making it one of the healthiest water dispensers available.\n\nTo prevent splashes and spills, the WAT30B has a built-in bottle spike that punctures the cap of the water bottle as you tilt it into the cooler, allowing you to keep it sealed as you it. Stainless steel tanks eliminate the plastic taste common in most water coolers and the insulated storage cabinet below lets you keep cups, napkins, or paper towels on hand. Water is an important part of your health. Don\u2019t neglect it. Fit it into your lifestyle with the WAT30B.",
    "videoid": "85396618",
    "date_created": "1487119734",
    "date_modified": "1487119734",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/in-depth-review-newair-wat30b-water-dispenser-benefits\/85396618"
}