{
    "title": "The AI-100 Ice Maker Demo  \u25ba NewAir",
    "description": "Do you want to know how to have enough ice on hand for parties, game day, or your kitchen, or home bar? The AI-100 portable ice maker from Newair is a great solution for a variety of needs.\n\nThis portable ice maker can provide all the ice you need for parties, picnics, barbecues or just relaxing at home. It\u2019s portable enough to use anywhere there's a plug, indoors or out, and it\u2019s compact enough to fit on countertops or tables.\n\nThe AI-100 produces an amazing 28 pounds of ice a day, so you know you'll never run out. You can choose from small, medium or large sized ice cubes. And it works pretty fast; it makes a new batch of cubes every 6 to 15 minutes, so you never have to wait very long.\n\nOne innovative feature is that any ice that melts will get recycled back into the system to keep making more ice, so you never have to worry about leaving it too long. \n\nThis kitchen ice maker has easy-to-use controls, and indicator lights to let you know when to add water, and when the ice basket is full. There\u2019s no complicated setup, you just plug it in, fill it with water, and it\u2019s ready. No permanent installation is required. It\u2019s compact, so it fits just about anywhere.\n\nThis countertop ice maker can be transported anywhere there's a plug. We\u2019ve had reviewers tell us about all they places they use it: \n\n- parties\n- game day\n- tailgating\n- offices \n- RVs\n- cabins\n- boats\n- picnics\n- game rooms\n- man caves",
    "videoid": "85300053",
    "date_created": "1486502033",
    "date_modified": "1486510124",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/the-ai-100-ice-maker-demo-newair\/85300053"
}