{
    "title": "ABR 1770 Demo",
    "description": "What is the best was to keep cool refreshments close by?\nCheck out the ABR-1770 Beverage Cooler from Newair.\n\nThe first thing you should know about, are the dimensions. This unit is: \n23.4 inches wide, \n33 inches tall, and \n22.4 inches deep. \n\nIt was designed that way to be the same size as a kitchen trash compactor, so you can easily switch them out.\n\nMost people these days are getting grid of their outdated compactors because the convenience of the foot-pedal or touch free trash cans, and also for how well they stay sealed against odors. Recycling, and composting have also taken over for bettering the environment, rather than just trying to cut down on the volume on landfills; which mostly have their own compactors anyway.\n\nThe ABR-1770 is a modern update that fits nicely into those spaces. A pretty easy switch for people who decide the compactor was good in it\u2019s time, but it\u2019s time to live a little nicer.\n\nThis unit is 33.9 inches tall to fit right under your countertop. It has a front venting compressor so it doesn\u2019t need to have ventilation. But it can also be free-standing; you can set it up in the game room if you want.\n\nIt has a 96 can holding capacity, or you can adjust the shelves for bottles to cool your craft brews to perfection. It has thick insulation, a double pane glass door that\u2019s reversible, so you can set it up to open either way. And there\u2019s a security lock if you have little kids, or want to keep unwanted customers out.\n\nWatch the video to learn more about the ABR-1770 Beverage Cooler from Newair.",
    "videoid": "85312671",
    "date_created": "1486595311",
    "date_modified": "1486596842",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/abr-1770-demo\/85312671"
}