{
    "title": "iON18SB - Snow Joe iON 40V Cordless 18\" Snow Blower - Animated Product Demo",
    "description": "CUT THE CORD. Ideal for clearing snow from sidewalks, driveways and decks, the Snow Joe\u00ae iON is the newest addition to the Snow Joe\u00ae lineup and the first single stage snow blower to provide easy and convenient CORD-FREE operation. Powered by EcoSharp\u00ae technology, Snow Joe\u2019s\u00ae patent-pending rechargeable 40-volt lithium-ion battery system, the iON delivers up to 50 minutes of whisper-quiet run time with zero carbon emissions for cleaner air. No pull-cords, gas, oil, tune-ups or tangled extension cords to cause unnecessary frustration!\n \nThe iON starts instantly with a simple push of a button and its adjustable handle maximizes user comfort during use. Equipped with a heavy-duty, steel auger with 2 rubber blades, the iON moves up to 500 pounds of snow per minute, clearing a path 18-inches wide by 8-inches deep with each pass. Plus, the rubber scraper bar at the base of the unit lets you clear right to the ground without damaging your deck or pavement. Featuring a 180\u00b0 auto-rotate chute that rotates instantly with the push of a switch, the iON lets you throw snow up to 20 feet in the direction you want it to go. Compared to heavier gas and electric-powered units, the iON weighs only 32 lbs so you can easily carry it onto your snow-filled deck to clear out fast. For nighttime snow removal, the iON has an integrated LED headlight that quickly switches on to increase visibility. GET EQUIPPED\u00ae this winter with the Snow Joe\u00ae iON \u2013 the easy, convenient and cordless solution to get snow out of your way on your snow day.\n\nLightweight design (only 32 lbs) to easily clear sidewalks, driveways and decks\n40 V 4.0 Ah EcoSharp\u00ae rechargeable lithium-ion battery provides up to 50 minutes of whisper-quiet run time\nNo pull cords, gas, oil, tune-ups, carbon emissions or tangled extension cords\nSteel auger with 2 rubber blades moves up to 500 lbs of snow per minute; cuts a path 18 in. wide by 8 in. deep without damaging surface\n180\u00b0 auto-rotate directional chute throws snow up to 20 ft\n3 W LED headlight provides increased visibility for nighttime snow removal\nETL approved; Full 2 year warranty; Energy Star certified",
    "channelid": "6410334",
    "videoid": "25995288",
    "date_created": "1453948419",
    "date_modified": "1454029850",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "channelVideo",
    "url": "\/holidays\/ion18sb-snow-joe-ion-40v-cordless-18-snow-blower-animated-product-demo\/6410334-25995288"
}