{
    "title": "G80 Demo",
    "description": "How can we stay warm when we're working out in our garage or shop?\nIn this video we look over the features of the G80 garage heater from Newair.\n\nThis heater has received a lot of great reviews. It\u2019s designed to be mounted on the ceiling, which is the best place get the most even distribution, and the most efficiency, It keeps it out of the way, and one reviewer pointed out that they feel much safer with it being out of reach of children and pets. It comes with the mounting bracket, and everything you need to install it. \n\nIt has to be hard-wired, but it\u2019s still pretty easy to set up. Please check out the reviews on the web page for tips on setting it up, or give us a call, we\u2019re always happy to help. \n\nIt uses fan-forced heating to move the air, so it heats up the room faster. And it tuns out an amazing 17,000 BTU\u2019s of heat, which is enough to warm up a space of about 500 square feet. It has certified overheat protection that will automatically shut off it it senses that it\u2019s getting warmer than it should. And theres a safety mesh to keep objects from getting inside. It also has a switch to turn the heater off, and just use the fan if you want to circulate the air.\n\nSee the video to learn all about the G80 space heater from Newair.",
    "videoid": "85318529",
    "date_created": "1486599671",
    "date_modified": "1486600125",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/g80-demo\/85318529"
}