{
    "title": "NewAir AF-520B 18-Inch Ultra Quiet Outdoor Misting Fan",
    "description": "Key Features\n-Durable construction to weather outdoor elements\n-Extended misting to 500 sq. ft.\n-Oscillates for widespread cooling\n-Push button controls are user-friendly\n-Tilting head and adjustable height allows for targeted misting\n\nNewAir AF-520B 18-Inch Outdoor Misting Fan\nAttractive and wonderfully designed the NewAir AF-520B  misting fan is a great addition to any backyard or patio setting. This fan creates a cool and comfortable patio area for family and friends to enjoy. You'll enjoy the gentle, continuous mist this fan emits to keep you feeling cooler on a hot day! \n\n18\" Oscillating Fan Head\nIf you love the outdoors but can't stand the heat, then consider adding the NewAir AF-520B  misting fan to your outdoor living space. The NewAir AF-520B is designed to provide a cooling mist to widespread areas. Adjust the oscillating fan head vertically to direct airflow and cooling mst where you need it most. This fan is designed to provides loads of outdoor comfort. \n\nLarge Coverage Area \nIf you're buying a misting fan, you want one with the power to keep you feeling great! The NewAir AF-520B 18\" outdoor misting fan offers enough cooling coverage for nearly 500 sq. ft. of patio space. This great feature allows you to enjoy a refreshing outdoor setting and keep the backyard area comfortable.\n\nStylish Design \nWhen you add to your outdoor decor, you want something that looks good and complements your lifestyle. This beautifully designed misting fan features a elegant black finish that blends with virtually any decorative style perfectly. This fan is a great way to keep your patio area comfortable and looking great at the same time.\n\n3 Speeds \nThe NewAir AF-520B 18\" outdoor misting fan is especially designed to provide advanced cooling control. Choose your own comfort level and enjoy as little or as much misting as you like with this easy to use 3 speed fan. This custom feature allows you to personalize the atmosphere for an ideal result every time. \n\nStrong and Durable \nThis NewAir AF-520B 18\" outdoor misting fan is designed for outdoor use. Manufactured using only the best materials and featuring a 3 prong GFCI plug for safe use, this fan is guaranteed to weather outdoor elements and provide reliable and advanced cooling.  If you're looking for a dependable, attractive way to cool your outdoor area, then you can't go wrong with the NewAir AF-520B.",
    "videoid": "85396639",
    "date_created": "1487121002",
    "date_modified": "1487121617",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/newair-af-520b-18-inch-ultra-quiet-outdoor-misting-fan\/85396639"
}