{
    "title": "NewAir AF-1000B Portable Evaporative Cooler",
    "description": "Key Features\n-Automatic air louvers gently circulates fresh air through the room\n-Cool rooms up to 300 square feet with minimal energy costs\n-Lightweight and portable unit is easy to move where you need cooling\n-Program the automatic timer to match your schedule\n-Protect the environment with the natural cooling power of evaporation\n\nNewAir AF-1000B Black Portable Evaporative Cooler \nEnjoy fresher, cleaner and cooler air with the NewAir AF-1000B Black evaporative cooler. This compact evaporative cooler by NewAir uses only the natural cooling power of evaporation to cool rooms up to 300 square feet. Along with being super powerful, it also looks fabulous, with a simple but striking shade of Black.\n\nCools Up To 300 Square Feet \nThe NewAir AF-1000B will freshen and clean the air in any small to medium size room of up to 300 square feet. It is guaranteed to save you money over the cost of traditional air conditioners powered by refrigerants, but it is also a better choice for the environment and your family as well. This earth friendly cooling method does not require any harmful chemicals or refrigerants to operate.\n\nUnmatched Efficiency \nThe AF-1000B is one of the most striking and eye catching residential evaporating cooler units on the market. It immediately catches your eye with its striking Black shading, which will help add a splash of color to any environment. It offers unmatched efficiency and value! In addition to all of the above, this powerful and compact unit is also earth friendly, as it doesn't use harsh chemicals or refrigerants, so by purchasing this unit you are helping your family and the earth. \n\nEco-Friendly\nIn addition to all of the above, this powerful and compact air cooler is also earth friendly, as it doesn't use harsh chemicals or refrigerants to cool the air. All this unit requires is water and electricity. This unit holds up to 5.3 gallons of water , but can operate also with no water at all. Of course this means that it won't really be cooling any more than a fan. There's an ice tank for extra cooling and a water level indicator for easy maintenance, plus, there is no water required when used in FAN ONLY mode.\n\nThe New Air AF-1000B will save you Money \nBecause this portable evaporative cooler does not require a compressor,  therefore making it better than standard cooling units. For far less than the cost of a traditional air conditioner, the NewAir AF-1000B can decrease the temperature by up to 30 degrees. Allowing you and your family to stay cool while saving money!\n\nCarbon Filter Included \nThe NewAir AF-1000B will do more than cool the air in your home; it will also purify the air as it cools. With this portable evaporative swamp cooler, you are sure to breathe a little easier.",
    "videoid": "85396640",
    "date_created": "1487121009",
    "date_modified": "1487121676",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/newair-af-1000b-portable-evaporative-cooler\/85396640"
}