{
    "title": "G73 Demo",
    "description": "Do you need to heat your garage or work-space when the weather turns cold?\nIn this video we take a look at the G73 garage heater from Newair.\n\nThis heater is our most popular garage heater. It has received a lot of great reviews; people are impressed that it works so powerfully for its small size; and that it can heat up so quickly.\n\nIt can be wall, or ceiling mounted; the bracket that comes with it can go either way. This is really good for saving floor space, and for keeping it out of the way. It comes with the mounting bracket, and everything you need to install it. It has to be hard-wired, but it\u2019s still pretty easy to set up; one reviewer said the install was actually really simple, and within about an hour they were working on a project in their garage, feeling good. Please check out the reviews on the web page for tips on setting it up, or give us a call, we\u2019re always happy to help.\n\nIt uses fan-forced heating to move the air, so it heats up the room faster. And it tuns out an amazing 17,000 BTU\u2019s of heat, which is enough to warm up a space of about 500 square feet, or more. We\u2019ve had reviewers say they use it in larger spaces like open rooms, and a warehouse; one reviewer said they work at a scrap metal recycling yard and that they tried multiple types of heaters, but nothing worked as well as this one.\n\nIt\u2019s easy to use. To operate the automatic thermostat, set the level by turning the dial clockwise, then once it\u2019s as warm as you want, turn it counter-clockwise slightly until you hear a click, then the thermostat will automatically adjust to keep that temperature constant. \n\nSee the video for how the G73 space heater from Newair is the perfect solution.",
    "videoid": "85312673",
    "date_created": "1486595325",
    "date_modified": "1486597266",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/g73-demo\/85312673"
}