{
    "title": "LED Lighted Adjustable Power Zoom Vanity Mirror 1X to 5X  - MODEL: PZV01",
    "description": "Conveniently classy. \n\nZadro's Power Zoom LED Lighted Mirror is the all-in-one vanity mirror. The optical quality glass ensures a clearer reflection of your true self, while the patented hydrophobic coating repels water to keep it completely fog-free no matter how steamy the environment. \n\nEasily control the six tilt positions, bright LED lights, and motorized adjustable magnification, all at the touch of a button. The 1X magnification is great for your all-around viewing needs while the 5X magnification is perfect for getting up close and personal. \n\nNo matter how dim the environment, the powerfully bright, LED bulbs are sure to evenly illuminate your face. And because of the energy-saving LED technology, it uses 70% less electricity than regular bulbs. \n\nAvailable in a pure white finish.  \n\nFeatures:\n\n\u2022 Adjustable Magnification Allows you to Customize the Magnification to your Preference\n\u2022 Power Zoom Technology Adjusts the Magnification at the Push of a Button\n\u2022 3 LED Lights Positioned Around the Mirror for Lighted Viewing\n\u2022 Functions as a Handheld or Vanity Mirror\n\u2022 Optional 4.5V AC Adaptor or 3 AAA Batteries (Not included)",
    "videoid": "87488929",
    "date_created": "1490742149",
    "date_modified": "1490745228",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/led-lighted-adjustable-power-zoom-vanity-mirror-1x-to-5x-model-pzv01\/87488929"
}