{
    "title": "NewAir AWR-520SB  52 Bottle Wine Cooler",
    "description": "Key Features\n-5 slide-out wood shelves to hold your wine\n-Energy-efficient compressor cooling system\n-Freestanding or built-in installation options\n-Frost-free interior - no defrosting required\n-Our largest capacity cooler - holds up to 52 bottles\n-Receive in-home warranty repairs for added convenience\n-Single zone cooling range of 40-65\u00b0F\n\nNewAir AWR-520SB 52 Bottle Wine Cooler\nThe AWR-520SB wine cooler is our largest capacity wine cooler, designed to protect and preserve your wine collection in ideal conditions. The stylish exterior is matched only by the superior performance of its compressor-based cooling system, which reaches temperatures as low as 40\u00b0F. Plus, it includes a in-home warranty repair service that allows you to receive repairs in the comfort of your living space! \n\nBuilt-In or Freestanding - You Decide\nThanks to a front veting grille, the NewAir AWR-520SB allows for freestanding placement or its buil-in option under the counter design. Install into your cabinetry for a sophisticated built-in finish, or use it as a freestanding unit. The door is also reversible, giving you complete control of where your wine cooler goes.   \n\nSuperior Compressor Cooling\nWith a temperature range of 40\u00b0F to 65\u00b0F, the AWR-520SB provides the exact level of cooling you need for your wine, whether it's for long-term storage or if you want it ready to serve. The compressor cooler ensures an even temperature throughout, quiet and virtually vibration free operation. Plus, the compressor has a 10 year life expectancy.\n\nPrecision Digital Control\nThe electronic thermostat and digital control panel gives you precise control over the interior temperature, and lets you easily monitor conditions to make sure your wine is stored properly. There's a security lock to ensure safe storage and an ETL certification safe use. A bulit in internal carbon filter helps keep the interior smelling good and free of  pesky odors.\n\n52 Bottle Storage\nKeep up to 52 bottles of wine in this spacious cooler, which features 5 slide-out shelves crafted from finished hardwood, guaranteed to store your growing wine collection. This cooler also includes dual pane protective glass door and triple layer insulation to ensure proper chilling and perfect results every time you open a bottle.\n\nClassic Appearance\nThe NewAir AWR-520SB features a beautiful, sleek black cabinet and elegant stainless steel trim that combined makes this wine cooler a favorite design feature in your home. The blue LED light illuminates the interior and highlights your collection beautifully, and the adjustable wooden shelves not only make wine selection easy but also allows you to customize the interior.",
    "videoid": "85300048",
    "date_created": "1486501974",
    "date_modified": "1486512162",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/newair-awr-520sb-52-bottle-wine-cooler\/85300048"
}