{
    "title": "3 Sexy Hairstyles Every Girl Needs In Her Life | Garnier Fructis Style",
    "description": "Whether you want touchable waves, a messy ponytail or a twisted bun, we've got the perfect date-worthy look for you. Learn how to get these sexy 'dos with this easy hairstyle tutorial. They only take a few minutes to create using #GarnierStyle\n\nSTYLE 1: TOUSLED WAVES\nStart by dividing your hair into two sections, then clip up the top section. Split the bottom part into two sections, then wrap one section around a curling wand, alternating directions to create messy waves. Repeat on the other bottom section. Take the top section of hair down and repeat creating waves with the curling wand. Spritz hair with Fructis Curl Shape Gel and scrunch. Finish the look with Fructis Sheer Set Hairspray.\n\nSTYLE 2: MESSY DOUBLE PONYTAIL\nDivide your hair into two sections, creating ponytails with the top and bottom sections. Create a pull-through ponytail on the bottom then tease both ponytails at the roots. Use your fingers to blend the ponytails together then finish the look with Fructis Sheer Set Hairspray.\n\nSTYLE 3: KNOTTED BUN\nTease your hair at the roots. Split the back of your hair into two sections then twist them into a knot. Pin the knot into place then repeat on the lengths of your hair, creating a knotted bun. Finish the look with Fructis Sheer Set Hairspray.",
    "videoid": "85418672",
    "date_created": "1487265585",
    "date_modified": "1487265953",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/3-sexy-hairstyles-every-girl-needs-in-her-life-garnier-fructis-style\/85418672"
}